# CS-370
	Computer Scientists utilize technology to attempt to solve a vast variety of today’s real-world problems. They also identify trends, formulate predictions, and determine outcomes to better prepare for the problems the future may hold as well. Often using the most current, emerging, and advanced forms of technology, Computer Scientists aim to do things like develop vaccines for the world’s deadliest viruses, expand the human limits of space exploration, prevent auto accidents by creating autonomous vehicles, and identify forms of renewable energy to solve the global warming crisis. What Computer Scientists do matters because they help bridge the gap between humans and technology, applying today’s most cutting-edge technology towards the world’s biggest problems for the better of all humanity. 
        
  As a Computer Scientist, I approach a problem from a holistic perspective. I attempt to fully understand the root of the problem, why the problem exists in the first place, and why it’s so important for the problem to be solved. I believe that only once a complicated problem is completely understood, without bias, and without contradiction, that it can truly be solved. When I’m confident that I’ve thoroughly comprehended the issue that I’ve been tasked to resolve, I then formulate as many strategies as I can, piece by piece, that could be used to potentially resolve the issue. From there, I evaluate each of my strategies, comparing them against each other by weighing out their pros and cons, and then narrowing them down to whichever has the strongest possibility for success against the problem. Then, I thoroughly test the most favorable strategies, analyze their results against each other, and differentiate which has the most effectiveness. Lastly, once I’ve identified the clear and best strategy to solve the problem, I then implement it, continuously test, and refine until a solution has been found.
  
  As a Computer Scientist, my ethical responsibilities to both the end user and the organization that I work for should be held to the upmost regard. The problems that one could face in their career within the field of computer science could range anywhere from a small issue to a catastrophic predicament. It’s important that no matter how big or small a problem maybe, that I ensure that I secure and protect all private and personal user data, address and prevent any potential security vulnerabilities, and consider any potential biases that could manifest or present themselves in my code. 
